DESIGN REPORT

WORK DISTRIBUTION
Callum and I worked together for the first day and then worked separately
on the second and third days. Our first design was simple, with buttons to
add Circle, add Box, add Text, add Polygon, add Line. As an extension from
the basic idea we decided to add a save/load functionality and maybe image
loading functionality too.

We knew we wanted to be able to modify the colour and size of each object, 
be able to move the object around, and remove objects with doubleclick. 
We later discovered that doubleclick didn't work, and so we decided to make
a remove toggle button. 
We played around with the idea of using a slider to resize objects, but I
didn't end up implementing that, instead prompting for pixel size in text 
pane. We also wanted a selection mode that outlined the selected object.

Our initial design allowed the user to move the object by selecting it and
then selecting where they wanted the midpoint of the object to go. When 
working separately I decided to try to get it to move by dragging the object
which worked. We decided we would have a Shape interface which had Box class, 
Circle class, and Polygon class (which we did not implement), and would have a 
Text class and Line class that did not implement Shape. However, when 
working separately I decided to include both those classes under the Shape 
interface as it made it easier to draw the graphics pane and save/load shapes.
We decided the three attributes all shapes should have are colour, position,
and size.

Callum and I worked together on the 'selection' functionality of the Box
class and Circle class, and I later expanded this to include Text and Line.
Callum came up with the idea to change the colour of the set colour button 
to the selected colour. The rest of our programs features we came up with
on our own.

For example, I came up with the idea to allow the user to change the 
colour/size using the JColourChooser, as well as making it so that any
changes to the colour or size affected all future shapes UNLESS a shape
is selected (in which case only the selected shape is affected).

THINGS TO NOTE
Annoying things that I am aware of and ran out of time to fix:
- You can only move text up and to the right
- Lines can only be selected/removed by clicking around the start point of
  the line

DESCRIPTION
This program is a diagram editor. You can place and resize/recolour boxes,
circles, lines, and text. You can remove items drawn by toggling on Remove
Mode (button is red when mode is active). You can clear all items, save
the diagram to a text file, and load a diagram from a text file.

